Add a section about partial reads in Mount (Everest) docs (#8724)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/reference/mount.md

--presign: Use presign for downloading.
```

### Partial Reads

{: .d-inline-block }
experimental
{: .label .label-red }

When reading large files, Everest can fetch from lakeFS only the parts actually accessed.
This can be useful for streaming workloads or for applications handling file formats such as Parquet, m4a, zip, tar that do not need to read the entire file.

> To enable partial reads, pass the `--partial-reads` flag to the `mount` (or `mount-server`) command.

Reviewer: please add an example 
`everest mount bla bla --partial-reads`

--presign: Use presign for downloading.
```

### Partial Reads

{: .d-inline-block }
experimental
{: .label .label-red }

> Everest can read only a subsets of files on demand from lakeFS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When reading large files, Everest can fetch from lakeFS only the parts actually accessed.
```

> This is useful for large files that are not needed at once, 
> or for files that are too large to fit in memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This can be useful for streaming workloads or for applications handling file formats such as Parquet, m4a, zip, tar that do not need to read the entire file.
```
